cleanup prototype nb, add comments (#1)
fastplotlib/fpl-napari: README.md

# fpl-napari

> Prototype for adding `fastplotlib` as a front-end viewer for `napari`. Would allow `napari` to be used in the browser :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prototype for using [`fastplotlib`](https://github.com/fastplotlib/fastplotlib) as a graphics/plotting backend for `napari`. Would allow `napari` to be used in the browser :)
```
